IBX-5731: Added migrate rixtext command (#1988)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/update_and_migration/from_4.4/update_from_4.4.md

    psql <database_name> < vendor/ibexa/installer/upgrade/db/postgresql/ibexa-4.4.latest-to-4.5.0.sql
    ```

#### Migrate richtext namespaces

> If you earlier upgraded from v3.3 to v4.x and haven't run the migratescript yet, do it now, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you earlier upgraded from v3.3 to v4.x and haven't run the migrate script yet, do it now, run:
```
